The Avenue of the Americas! One of the most important streets in New York.
There is the famous Radio City Music Hall.
And there are two gas bottles with liquid nitrogen, they are simply unattended on the street side.
Yes, that sounds a bit strange ...
Enough people walk by and think: "Do you hear that standing there?"
More people walk by and do not even see them.
I thought it was strange, so I decided to find it out.
It appears that they are owned by telephone companies.
Look, in New York there is a lot of steam and water underground,
from municipal heating systems, water pipes, that sort of thing.
Telephone cables can therefore become very wet and, well, fall apart.
Every three days someone from the telephone company comes by,
he replaces these empty gas bottles with full ones.
The nitrogen is continuously pumped through the tunnels with telephone cables ...
... so they stay dry and away from oxygen and moisture.
The cold is only a side-effect of how to store these amounts of nitrogen.
It also seems unsafe, is not it?
But, I picked it out and apparently there have never been any accidents with it,
and if one of the many, many vehicles on this busy street collide with these gas bottles,
then it is said to remain empty only.
It seems strange, but there are many things in every city that seem strange,
and liquid nitrogen is one of the least weird things.
Welcome to New York.
Translation: Stefan van Rijswijk